Code and doc quality (sladim 180) (#14)
ccims/monitoring-frontend: README.md

### Cpu-Tracking Monitor:

The Cpu-Tracking Monitor provides the possibility to add services which are to be monitored. These services as of now only comprise the Database Service. The services that are added need

> to be importing the [cpu-utilization-observer](https://github.com/ccims/cpu-utilization-observer) package which exposes an endpoint that the backend of the Cpu-Tracking Monitor scrapes for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cpu-Tracking Monitor provides the possibility to add services which are to be monitored. These services as of now only comprise the Database Service. The services that are added 
must import the [cpu-utilization-observer](https://github.com/ccims/cpu-utilization-observer) package which exposes an endpoint that the backend of the CPU-Tracking Monitor scrapes for
```

the cpu load. 

### Error-Response Monitor:

> The Error-Response Monitor lets one define certain request parameters in its UI for testing the Database Service in a environment that closely resembles its use cases. The user can adjust the type of request (GET or POST) and the expected response 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Error-Response Monitor lets one define certain request parameters in its UI for testing the Database Service in an environment that closely resembles its use cases. The user can adjust the type of request (GET or POST) and the expected response 
```

which in the case of a GET request is the response data and in the case of a POST request is the HTTP status code. In its UI, one can also fetch all logs received by the backend of the Error-Response Monitor
and observe specifically the logs created by work checking the Database Service.

### Monitoring Selection:

> The combined frontend also offers the feature to register multiple services that are to be monitored. Upon registration, the Issue Creator will only assess those logs retrieved from the Kafka Queue whose corresponding service is already registered. Registered services are stored in its own database which can be found in the Issue Creator repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The combined frontend also offers the feature to register multiple services that are to be monitored. Upon registration, the Issue Creator will only assess those logs retrieved from the Kafka Queue whose corresponding service is already registered. Registered services are stored in their own databases which can be found in the Issue Creator repository.
```
falls du sagen wolltest, dass jeder service in einer eigenen datenbank gespeichert wird. oder anders gefragt: in wessen datenbank werden die services gespeichert?
